The Man Who Was Tired of Life. c1990BC Song

To whom can I speak today?
Gentleness has perished
And the violent man has come down on everyone.
(st.11)

To whom can I speak today?
I am heavy-laden with trouble
Through lack of an intimate friend
(st.23)


The only gift is a portion of thyself.
Emerson: Essays: Second series 1844: The Poet: Gifts

That is the happiest conversation where there is no competition, no vanity, but
a calm quiet interchange of sentiments.
Letter to Lord Chesterfield: Samuel Johnson Apr 14 1775


This is the farmer sowing the corn,
That kept the cock that crowed in the morn,
That waked the priest all shaven and shorn,
That married the man // all tattered and torn,
That kissed the maiden all forlorn //
That milked the cow with the crumpled horn,
That tossed the dog,
That worried the cat,
That killed the rat,
That ate the malt,
That lay in the house that Jack built.
Anon.

The man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.
Henry David Thoreau 1817-1862: Journal 11/3/1856

The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one
has to do.
J.M.Barrie


Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try
to do nothing and succeed.
Richard Bird

The safest way to double your money, is to fold it over once and put it in your
pocket.
Kin Hubbard

To me, old age is fifteen years older than I am.
Bernard M. Baruch

It's not making money first that's important, it's making it last.
Bob Elward

The day you are satisified, growth comes to a halt.
Frank Tiger.

You can accomplish much, if you don't mind who gets the credit.
Ronald Reagan

All some folks want is their fair share - and yours.
Arnold Glasgow

With and evening coat and a white tie, even a stockbroker can gain a reputation
for being civilised.
Oscar Wilde

Don't let the future scare you.  It's just as shaky as you are.
Arnold Glasgow.

Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.
Horace

Age appears best in four things: old wood to burn; old wine to drink; old
friends to trust and old authors to read.
Francis Bacon

Success comes to those who don't let it happen but make it happen.
Raobert Half

One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one man buys,
another sells, and both think they are astute.
William Feather

Business is founded on confidence, success on cooperation.
John H. Patterson

Things in our country run in spite of government, not by aid of it.
Will Rogers


