A Plan for the Improvement of English Spelling

	For example, in Year 1 that useless letter "c" would be dropped
to be replased either by "k" or "s", and likewise "x" would no longer
be part of the alphabet.  The only kase in which "c" would be retained
would be the "ch" formation, which will be dealt with later.  Year 2
might reform "w" spelling, so that "which" and "one" would take the
same konsonant, wile Year 3 might well abolish "y" replasing it with
"i" and Iear 4 might fiks the "g/j" anomali wonse and for all.
	Jenerally, then, the improvement would kontinue iear bai iear
with Iear 5 doing awai with useless double konsonants, and Iears 6-12
or so modifaiing vowlz and the rimeining voist and unvoist konsonants.
Bai Iear 15 or sou, it wud fainali bi posibl tu meik ius ov thi
ridandant letez "c", "y" and "x" -- bai now jast a memori in the maindz
ov ould doderez -- tu riplais "ch", "sh", and "th" rispektivli.
	Fainali, xen, aafte sam 20 iers ov orxogrefkl riform, wi wud
hev a lojikl, kohirnt speling in ius xrewawt xe Ingliy-spiking werld.

	For example, in Year 1 that useless letter "c" would be dropped
to be replaced either by "k" or "s", and likewise "x" would no longer
be part of the alphabet.  The only case in which "c" would be retained
would be the "ch" formation, which will be dealt with later.  Year 2
might reform "w" spelling, so that "which" and "one" would take the
same consonant, while Year 3 might well abolish "y" replacing it with
"i" and Year 4 might fix the "g/j" anomaly once and for all.
	Generally, then, the improvement would continue year by year
with Year 5 doing away with useless double consonants, and Years 6-12
or so modifying vowels and the remaining voiced and unvoiced consonants.
By Year 15 or so, it would finally be possible to make use of the
redundant letters "c", "y" and "x" -- by now just a memory in the minds
of old dodderers -- to replace "ch", "sh" and "th" resplectively.
	Finally, the, after some 20 years of orthographical reform, we would
have a logical, coherent spelling in use throughout the English-speaking
world.

